Ok, first of all,
I want to say thank you.
we all know that,
HW is one of the most famous IT company around the world.
Not everybody can get the interview chance face by face.
so i'm glad to talk about meself.

I graduated from JN university before three years ago,
and got my master degree.
My major is computer application technology.
There's a lot of things and memory in my student life,
which makes me feel be proud of it.
Just for your information,
I was the chairman of student union.
and i had got kinds of scholarship for serval times,
and so on.
you can got more detail at my resume.

Now, i am a software development engineer at fnst.
fnst was established by NJ university and F group
which is also one of the most famous IT company at Japan.


I am good at c and python programming language.
Linux platform is fimilar to me,
I am able to use some open source tools with ease,
such as, gcc, gdb, ftrace. 

And then,
I have got the software designer and network engineer certificate.
The certificates are good enough evidence for my ability at programming.

Generally speaking,
Project experience is important to the softeware engineer.
specially, who want to get a new job.
I wish these experience can prove that,
I have ability to do some useful and valuable work for HW.

The first is HPC,
HPC means high performance compute.
Maybe you heard ShuGuang super computer, which created by chinese.
I am doing some work for another super computer,
we call it K-computer at fujitsu group.
I am responsible for staging function, which used to transfer huge data
between different nodes with high speed.

The second is Autotest.
Autotest is a frame to automate testing.
it's designed to test linux kernel.
but now, it can be used to many other function.
for example, qemu, libvirt and other virtualization technology.
I have submitted more 30 pathes, and they all had been merged to baseline.

The last is crash.
crash can be used to analysis the reason why linux kernel crash down 
and it's trouble.
I mainly did some test work for its' funciton.
two year ago, i had sent a patch request to this community to improve this tool.

besides above,
I think i should say clearly why i want to change a company.
The biggest reason is salary.
To be honest, it's all about money.
Not long ago, I bought a house at JN district.
It brings a lot of pressure.
I had to consider how can i pay off a large sum of money to bank.
And i want to learn more new knowledge about programming,
and to do some challening work.
HW is a gloabl company. i feel it meets all of my requirements and
maybe give me some special experience.

At last, 
I think i am a hard-working, responsible and outgoing person.
I am also a good team player, 
will be happy to work with other colleages.

Ok, I wish my introducation will persuade you to trust me.
trust that i can do some contribution for HW.
Thank you for giving this chance.
